TELCODOCS-806-1 PR for setting interface sysctl with SR-IOV (#49871)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-label-nodes-with-sriov.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/hardware_networks/configuring-interface-sysctl-sriov-device.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="nw-labeling-sriov-enabled-nodes_{context}"]
= Labeling nodes with an SR-IOV enabled NIC

If you want to enable SR-IOV on only SR-IOV capable nodes there are a couple of ways to do this: 

. Install the Node Feature Discovery (NFD) Operator. NFD detects the presence of SR-IOV enabled NICs and labels the nodes with `node.alpha.kubernetes-incubator.io/nfd-network-sriov.capable = true`. 

> . Examine the `SriovNetworkNodeState` on all nodes. The `interfaces` stanza of the `SriovNetworkNodeState` object includes a list of all of the SR-IOV devices discovered by the SR-IOV Network Operator on the worker node. Using this information label each node with for example `feature.node.kubernetes.io/network-sriov.capable: "true"` by using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Examine the `SriovNetworkNodeState` CR for each node. The `interfaces` stanza includes a list of all of the SR-IOV devices discovered by the SR-IOV Network Operator on the worker node. Label each node with `feature.node.kubernetes.io/network-sriov.capable: "true"` by using the following command:
```

Author: done
